Hello everyone, now that we've
kind of walked you through how to
create an account, and
set up your IM users, and
install the AWSTLI,
we want you to actually do it yourselves.
So, we're just going to give you a quick
assignment list of what you should
get done by the end of this lesson.
So we'll just start off with
the first task that's written
down is create an AWS account.
Make sure you get free tier,
remember this is for 12 months free, so
you do kind of have a ticking
clock once you create it.
After that, you'll want to create
an IAM user with Admin Access, so
that it can access everything on
the console or on AWS that you have.
You can create other IAM users for limited
access to some other services but for
now just create IAM user with admin
access and save these API keys.
Next you want to install the AWS CLI and
configure it using the correct API keys
that you've gotten with your IAM user.
And then you'll also want to choose
the correct region that's best for you.
So after you do all that,
we can actually continue to build
more interesting projects with AWS.